Added the Gorilla API Zoo contribution (#9)
ShishirPatil/gorilla: data/README.md

# Gorilla API Store 

<img src="https://github.com/ShishirPatil/gorilla/blob/gh-pages/assets/img/logo.png" width=50% height=50%>

Wants Gorilla to use your API? Wants to train your own Gorilla with the dataset? Learn about the entire workflow and how to contribute to Gorilla API App Store! Gorilla API App Store intends to enhance LLM's capability to use tools through API calls. We appreciate everyone's effort and contribution!

## How to Contribute?

Contribute to Gorilla API Store is very easy! 

1. **JSON Contribution**: It only takes two steps

> - Step 1: Submit an API JSON file or a URL JSON file following our cirteria. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Step 1: Submit an API JSON file or a URL JSON file following our criteria. 
```

Reviewer 2: File evolved

    "performance": {"dataset": "imagenet", "accuracy": "80.4\%"}
  },
  "questions": [
    "I am a doctor and I want to dictate what my patient is saying and put it into a text doc in my computer.",
    "My students in math class is having trouble following up my content. He needs an API to write down what I am saying for reviewing.",
  ],
}
```

### URL JSON

We also provide you another much simpler approach for you to contribute! Provide a simple url to your API documentation, we'll process for you. For this, submit a JSON file containing the URL: 

| Field      |  Type  | Description/Options     | Required |
| :---       | :----: |          :----         |   :---:   |
| user_name     | String       | Name of User   | ✅ |
| api_name      | String       | Name of API (maximum 20 words)   | ✅ |
| api_url      | String       | URL to API documentation   | ✅ |

> | Questions | List[String] | A question describing a real-life scenario that uses this API. Please donnot include specific API name. | [Optional]:fire: |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Questions | List[String] | A question describing a real-life scenario that uses this API. Please do not include specific API name. | [Optional]:fire: |
```
